(0 ≤ process temperature ≤ 150 °C)
(0.0 < liquid mole fraction ≤ 1.0)
(0.0 < measured dustiness ≤ 100000.0 mg/kg)
(0.0 < powder weight fraction ≤ 1.0)
(0.0 < solid weight fraction ≤ 1.0)
(0.0 < weight fraction ≤ 1.0)
(0.001 ≤ activity coefficient ≤ 1000.0)
(1) Making dough: the baker is involved in mixing operations. Mainly flour with water and other ingredients are mixed to make dough. The dough is mixed in a tube containing 10-100 kg dough.
(1) The big bagging machine automatically filled big bags with granulate. The workers then transported the filled bags for further processing. The bagging process is situated in the far field of the operator (>1m). Between 100-1000 kg of granulate is bagged per minute. No localized controls were provided.
(1) Workers used forklifts to dump big bags with a granulate product into the top of a machine. The source of emission was located in the far field of the worker (>1m). Between 100-1000 kg of granulate was dumped per minute. No localized controls were provided.
(2) Strewing or sprinkling of flour during dough making and other activities.
(2) Workers were also involved in the manual cleaning of big bags using compressed air. It is assumed that the amounts cleaned ranged between 0.1 - 1 kg. No localized controls were provided.
(3) Handling of contaminated objects with limited surface contamination: the baker was involved in various handling operations like processing dough, wrapping bread, oven work and pastry work.
(Cut-off) Grinding of steel
(Dustiness)
(If not known, leave blank and click Next to provide the boiling temperature instead.)
(Manual) milling
(No Aerosol Formation)
(This is outside the applicability domain of the current ART.)
(Untitled scenario)
(click scenario name to select)
(no activity subclasses)
(none selected)
(or similar)
(untitled)
(이는 현재 ART 의 적용 범위를 벗어납니다.)
*Warning! Model is optimised for 480 minute exposure period.
0 min
0.1 - 1 l/minute
0.3 ACH
1 (for solids)
1 - 10 l/minute
1 ACH
10 - 100 l/minute
10 ACH
100 - 1000 l/minute
3 ACH
30 ACH
480 min
5 - 10 % moisture content
50th (Median)
< 0.1 l/minute
> 1000 l/minute
>10 % moisture content
A Bayesian update of the mechanistic model predictions can be carried out using analogous exposure data. There are two sources for analogous data:
A curtain of descending laminar air is created between the ceiling and the rear of the booth where exhaust grilles are located at the lower section. The worker must not stand at the exhaust grilles and standing in-between the source and the grilles will reduce the effectiveness of the booth. The exhaust volume is typically between 3500-4000 m³/h (per 1m width).
A dry extremely fine powder was processed. The measurements reflect exposure to total inhalable dust.
A powdered product containing very fine, free flowing, light particles. This category may also contain products with a mixture of very fine particles and large particles or granules. Handling the product in its dry form results in a dust cloud that remains airborne for a long time. The product may be wind swept: e.g., magnesium stearate.
A safe work line (SWL) marks the limit of effective containment and dust capture.
A surface preparation technique for removing coatings or contamination by propelling abrasive material towards the surface at high velocity. ART only considers exposure arising from the surface coatings during abrasive blasting (i.e., exposure to the abrasive material is not included).
ACH = air changes per hour
ART Help
ART — About Analogous Data
ART — Exposure Data Library
ART — Exposure Predictions
ART — Progress
ART — Summary
ART 도움말
ART 로고
ART 홈페이지로 이동
Above room temperature (25 – 50 ºC)
Abrasive blasting
Activites
Activities used to atomise liquids into droplets for dispersion on surfaces (surface spraying) or into air (space spraying). Spraying techniques may be used for dispersion of e.g. pesticides, biocides, and paints.
Activities where a liquid product is directly spread on surfaces using e.g. a roller, brush or wipe.
Activities where a stream of liquid product is transferred from one reservoir to the next. The stream may either fall or glide from high to a lower point (falling liquids) or is transferred with pressure (pressurised transfer: e.g. bottom loading).
Activities where a stream of powder is transferred from one reservoir (or container, vessel) to the receiving vessel. The product may either fall due to gravity from a high to a lower point (dumping of powders), be transferred horizontally (scooping of powders) or is transferred through a hose or tube with pressure (vacuum transfer).
Activities where impaction or striking of a tool on an object contaminated with powder or granules potentially results in re-suspension of that powder. For this activity class, exposure is estimated to be related to the level of contamination on the surface or the object that is impacted on.
Activities where movement and agitation of powders results in disturbances of the product causing dust particles to become airborne.
Activities where powders, granules or pelletised material are compressed due to compaction or crushing.
Activities where powders, granules or pelletised material are crushed and broken into smaller parts or sizes due to frictional forces (e.g. between two surfaces or objects).
Activities where solid objects are broken into smaller parts or are abraded due to frictional forces.
Activities with Relatively Undisturbed Surfaces
Activities with agitated surfaces
Activities with open liquid surfaces or open reservoirs
Activities with treated/contaminated objects (surface 0.1 - 0.3 m²)
Activities with treated/contaminated objects (surface 0.3 - 1 m²)
Activities with treated/contaminated objects (surface 1 - 3 m²)
Activities with treated/contaminated objects (surface < 0.1 m²)
Activities with treated/contaminated objects (surface > 3 m²)
Activities with undisturbed surfaces (no aerosol formation)
Activity Class
Activity Coefficient
Activity Subclass
Activity Subclass/Example Activities
Activity configuration
Activity emission potential
Activity is configured
Activity is not configured
Aeration of waste water
After the Bayesian update:
Air blast pesticide spraying of e.g. tree nursery
All:
Analogous Data Upload
Any size workroom
Application of Liquids in High Speed Processes (e.g. Rotating Tools)
Application of liquids in high speed processes (e.g. rotating tools)
Appropriate labelling of your scenario will enable you to locate it more easily at a later date.
Are demonstrable and effective housekeeping practices in place (e.g. daily cleaning using appropriate methods (e.g. vacuum), preventive maintenance of machinery and control measures, and use of protective clothing that will repel spills and reduce personal cloud)?
Are general housekeeping practices in place?
Are secondary sources present in the workroom in addition to the source in the breathing zone of the worker?
Are there any control measures in close proximity of the far-field emission source intended to minimise emissions from the source?
Are there any control measures in close proximity of the near-field emission source intended to minimise emissions from the source?
Asphalt is milled and the exposure measurements reflect exposure to inhalable dust.
Assess contamination of the paste/slurry then click Next.
Bagging fine powder with bagging machine with integrated LEV
Bagging solids
Bagging was performed with a rate of 100-1000kg/minute. Fixed capturing hoods were applied. The exposure source was far field for 90% of the time. In case of obstruction the worker has to place the bags to the filling mouth by hand to start up the process again.
Bath with gas bubbling
Below room temperature (< 15 ºC)
Belt sanding
Bending metal tubes
Big bagging of a granule product
Big bagging of a granule product [including cleaning activities]
Big bagging of a pre-washed granule product
Boiling
Booth sizes are adaptable to the work task and process equipment and can have varying levels of filtration.
Both the source and the worker are located indoors. The indoor environment should be enclosed by walls on each side and a roof on top. A garage with the garage door open should be treated as an indoor environment.
Bottom Loading
Bottom loading
Bottom loading of tanker at bulk terminal
Broad categories of room sizes and ventilation rates can be selected. Alternatively, the room size and ventilation rate can be selected from the list of specific room sizes and ventilation rates.
Browse the built-in database and select from exposure scenarios that are deemed potentially compatible with the activities configured in the mechanistic model.
Buffing
Burning of liquids
Cancel
Canopy hood
Capturing Hoods
Capturing hoods
Careful handling, involves workers showing attention to potential danger, error or harm and carrying out the activity in a very exact and thorough (or cautious) manner
Careful transfer involves workers showing attention to potential danger, error or harm and carrying out the activity in a very exact and thorough (or cautious) manner e.g. careful weighing in laboratory
Carry over near-field inputs?
Carrying
Cas No.
Centrifuging wet items
Check CAS No.
Chemical Structure
Chiseling
Choose site
Cleaning of liquid spills
Cleaning of oil residue from bulk tanks
Clearly (soaked) wet powdered material (like paste or slurry) should not be treated as a powder and the product type ‘paste or slurry or clearly (soaked) wet powder’ should be selected.
Click
Click for help
Click for quick revision options
Click to disable activity
Click to edit notes, comments and justifications
Click to enable activity
Click to hide all item descriptions
Click to hide description
Click to include/exclude scenario from Bayesian update
Click to show all item descriptions
Click to view description
Click to view summary statistics for measurements
Coarse dust
Cold rolling of metal sheets
Compressing of powders, granules or pelletised material
Confidence Interval
Confidence interval
Configure Activity
Configure Activity — Primary Emission Source Proximity
Configure Activity — Secondary Emission Source
Configure activities
Configure activity...
Configure the process temperature then click Next to continue.
Configure this activity situation then click Next to continue.
Connecting to server
Containment
Containment — no extraction
Contamination of Paste/Slurry
Copy open scenario and save
Coupling and decoupling of hoses or (drilling) equipment
Cross-flow spray room
Crushing concrete
Currently loaded scenario:
Cutting
Data Upload
Delete scenario (NB: deletion is irreversible)
Demolishing with wrecking ball
Depending on your selection you may be required to further define the localised controls.
Description
Dipping objects in a cleaning bath (where the presence of treated surfaces in the area is limited)
Disable
Dispersion
Dispersion is the movement of a contaminant from a source throughout the work area, giving rise to varying spatial concentrations. The dispersion is dependent on the size of the workroom and the air changes in this room (with personal exposure levels being higher in a small poorly ventilated room).
Disposal of empty bags
Disposal of empty contaminated bags
Disposal of heavily contaminated filters
Dough makers using flour in traditional bakeries
Down-flow spray room
Download your report:
Downward laminar flow booth
Downward only
Drilling
Drop height < 0.5 m
Drop height > 0.5 m
Dry product (<5 % moisture content)
Dry solid object (<5 % moisture content)
Dumping of a granule product from big bags [including cleaning activities]
Dumping of granule product from big-bags [excluding cleaning activities]
Dumping of stones was performed at a rate of more than 1000 kg/minute and the drop height was in excess of 0.5m. The workers were walking or standing in close proximity of the wagons where stones were dumped, approximately 3 meters from the source
Dumping petroleum coke with truck
Dumping powder in hopper with LEV
Dumping powder in hopper without LEV
Dumping solids in mixers
Dumping stones
Dustiness
Dustiness may be measured by two methods, the rotating drum test and the continuous single drop test, which is described in detail in CEN EN 15051 (2006). The two test methods do not always rank materials in the same order and users should therefore choose the method that is most appropriate for the material and handling process they wish to simulate.
Dustiness of Powder Contamination
Dustiness of the inhalable fraction may be measured by two methods, the rotating drum test and the continuous single drop test, which is described in detail in CEN EN 15051 (2006). The two test methods do not always rank materials in the same order and users should therefore choose the method that is most appropriate for the material and handling process they wish to simulate.
Edit duration of activity
Edit name of activity
Edit near-field activity emission potential for this activity
Edit near-field dispersion for this activity
Edit near-field localised controls for this activity
Edit near-field surface contamination for this activity
Edit non-exposure period
Edit scenario
Either supply a dustiness value or choose a dustiness class.
Either supply a temperature value or choose a process temperature category.
Either supply a weight fraction value or choose a weight fraction category.
Electroplating
Embalming
Emissions from contaminated surfaces arise from the evaporation of liquids or the re-suspension of dusts from leaks, spills or other sources that have produced surface contamination. Surfaces that may be contaminated include work surfaces, floors, walls, clothing, tools, process equipment, and used rags. Contamination may arise due to leaks or spills, or in the case of particles, deposition from the airborne state. Exposure from these sources will occur through re-suspension of settled dust or evaporation of spilled liquids.
Enable/
Enclosing Hoods
Enclosing hoods
Enter a value for activity coefficient then press Next.
Enter the vapour pressure (in Pascal) of the pure substance at room temperature (even if it is in a mixture).
Estimate
Evaporation from painted surface or object
Example Activities
Example situation: Dumping powders in a big bag through a small dumping opening
Example situation: enclosed cover on a circular saw (relatively small openings are possible)
Examples:
Excel
Exposure Statistics
Exposure statistics
Extremely fine and light powder
Extremely minute (< 0.01 %)
Extremely small (0.1 - 0.5 %)
Falling liquids
Falling of Powders, Granules or Pelletised Material
Falling of powders, granules or pelletised material
Far Field Primary Emission Source —
Far Field Secondary Emission Source —
Fibrous material
Figure
Filling of bottles
Filling of drums
Filling of paint gun
Fine dust
Finish & Run
Firm granules, flakes or pellets
Fixed capturing hood
Flour was used as a product or is the surface contaminant during handling activities. Flour is a fine dry powder. The exposure measurements reflect exposure levels to total inhalable dust.
Flow booths can be equipped with partial or full screens with glove ports, potentially offering a further level of containment.
Fly spray
Foaming
Fogging
For booth down flow and laminar flow booths capture velocity approx 0.5 m/second.
For each activity class/subclass you will be shown several activities typical for the selected class.
For this activity class exposure is related to the contamination on the surface or object.
For this activity class exposure is related to the contamination on the surfaces or objects that are impacted upon.
For which (chemical) substance would you like to perform the exposure assessment?
Fracturing and Abrasion of Solid Objects
Fracturing and abrasion of solid objects
Fracturing of powders, granules or pelletised material
Fugitive emissions are unintended and unpredictable leaks from process equipment that are not yet classified as a near-field or far-field source.
Full screen fitted with glove ports
Full shift
Fume cupboard
Gas
General Control Measures
Generally the work is performed in rooms varying between 300 and 1000 m3 with general ventilation.
Glass (this is outside the applicability domain of the current ART)
Glove bags
Glove bags (non-ventilated)
Glove bags (ventilated or kept under negative pressure)
Glove boxes
Glove boxes and glove bags
Gluing
Go to Activity Configuration
Go to Data Upload
Go to Exposure Database
Go to Mechanistic Results
Go to My Scenarios
Granules, flakes or pellets
Hammering
Hand lay-up activities with styrene
Handheld sanding machine
Handling of Contaminated Objects
Handling of Contaminated Solid Objects or Paste
Handling of a liquid product in a bath or other reservoir. The liquid may either be relatively undisturbed (e.g. manual stirring, dipping in bath) or agitated (e.g. gas bubbling, mechanical mixing in vessel).
Handling of apparently clean objects
Handling of contaminated objects
Handling of contaminated solid objects or paste
Handling of contaminated tools
Handling of objects with limited residual dust (thin layer visible)
Handling of objects with visible contamination (object covered with fugitive dust from surrounding dusty activities)
Handling of slightly contaminated (layers of less than few grams) objects
Handling of solid objects that are treated or contaminated with the liquid of interest.
Handling of substantially and visibly contaminated objects (layers of more than 0.5 kg)
Handling or transport of surfaces, objects or pastes that are (potentially) contaminated with powders or granules. For this activity class, exposure is estimated to the contamination on the surface, object or paste.
Handling that departs from regular work procedures and involves large amounts of energy (e.g. rough handling or throwing of bags)
Handling that reduces contact between product and adjacent air
Heat drying tasks
Heavy mechanical impaction
Help - Capturing Hoods
Help - Containment
Help - Enclosing Hoods
Help - Glove boxes and glove bags
Help - Receiving Hoods
Help - Suppression
Help on enabling an activity
Help on name and duration
High application rate (> 3 l/minute)
High energy activities with e.g. rotating tools where liquids are added to the process (e.g. metal working fluids).
High level containment
High specification glove box / isolator
Horizontal/downward laminar flow booth
Hot or molten metal
Hot processes (50 – 150 ºC)
How are contaminated objects or pastes handled?
Hydraulic hammers
If applicable, a non-exposure period can be used and should be assigned a duration in minutes.
If known enter a value for mole fraction for the substance in the liquid mixture. Alternatively provide an estimate by selecting from one of the categories provided.
If known enter a value for weight fraction for the substance in the liquid mixture. Alternatively provide an estimate by selecting from one of the categories provided.
If known enter a value for weight fraction of powder. Alternatively provide an estimate by selecting from one of the categories provided.
If known, please provide the activity coefficient for the substance in this mixture? (One method for estimating activity coefficient for liquid mixtures is using the UNIFAC method). The default value is set at 1.
If known, what is the vapour pressure (in Pascal) of the substance at this process temperature?
If the dustiness of the material was not measured: To which dustiness class does the substance belong?
If the dustiness of the powder was not measured: To which dustiness class does the substance belong?
If the process temperature of the liquid is not precisely known, pick one of the categories below.
If the substance has a CAS number, please enter it here:
If the weight fraction is not precisely known, pick one of the categories below.
If the weight fraction of the substance in the liquid mixture is not precisely known, pick one of the categories below.
If the weight fraction of the substance in the material is not precisely known, pick one of the categories below.
If you answer no to this question, the assessment for this activity will involve a primary far-field emission source only.
If you answer yes to this question, the assessment for this activity will involve a primary near-field emission source and an optional secondary far-field source.
If you would like to provide data from both sources, begin by
Immersion of objects
Impaction on Contaminated Solid Objects
Impaction on apparently clean objects
Impaction on contaminated solid objects
Impaction on heavily contaminated filters
Impaction on objects with limited visible residual dust
Impaction on objects with visible residual dust
Impaction on slightly contaminated (layers of less than few grams) objects
Impaction on substantially and visibly contaminated objects (layers of more than 0.5 kg)
In ART v1.5 you must make your own assessment as to whether the exposure measurements are analogous to your scenario. You should only upload measurements that you consider fully analogous."
In order to determine a "real world" exposure value, please choose the type of exposure that you are interested in, and an appropriate percentile and level of confidence.
In some cases an activity class has several subclasses. Use the drop-down list in the right-hand panel to narrow down your selection.
In total 43kg calcium carbonate or aluminum oxide was used respectively. Scooping of product was performed at a use rate of 1-10kg/minute and at a dropping height of <0.5m. No localized controls were provided.
In total 43kg magnesium stearate was used. Scooping of product was performed at a use rate of 1-10kg/minute and at a dropping height of <0.5m. No localized controls were provided.
Increasing the moisture content or adding other additives can reduce exposure potential. Water may have been added before handling the product or during handling. The latter is taken into account in the principal MF “localised control’, whereas the former is considered an intrinsic property of the material.
Indoors
Info
Inhalable fraction: > 5000 mg/kg
Insoluble solids
Inter-quartile
Invalid CAS No.
Is the paste or slurry (potentially) contaminated with powdered material?
Is the primary emission source located in the breathing zone of the worker (i.e. the volume of air within 1 metre in any direction of the worker’s head)?
Is the process fully enclosed and is the integrity of that enclosure regularly monitored?
Is the source located close to buildings?
Is the work performed indoors, outdoors or in a spray room or downward laminar flow booth?
Jack hammering
Kneading
Knockdown suppression
Label this scenario:
Laminating
Large scale transfer with big bags
Large workrooms only
Leather (this is outside the applicability domain of the current ART)
Liquid Mole Fraction
Liquid solutions
Liquids
Liquids with low viscosity (like water)
Liquids with medium viscosity (like oil)
Loading barges with minerals or cereals
Loading bottle bags in glovebox
Local Exhaust Ventilation
Local exhaust ventilation (LEV)
Localised controls
Logging
Long term
Low application rate (0.03 - 0.3 l/minute)
Low level containment
Low specification glove box
Lubricating
Main component (50 - 90 %)
Maintenance of fuel pumps
Maintenance of heavily contaminated equipment
Manual calibration of fuel pump
Manual handling of wood resulting in limited amount of dust
Manual handling of wood resulting in very limited amount of dust
Manual stirring of paint
Maximum solubility
Mechanical handling of wood resulting in large amounts of dust (e.g., large speed of moving work pieces or rotating cutting blades)
Mechanical handling of wood resulting in limited amount of dust
Mechanical mixing / blending of paint
Mechanical sanding of wood resulting in large amounts of dust
Mechanical ventilation giving at least 1 ACH
Mechanistic Results
Mechanistic model only:
Medium level containment
Medium specification glove box
Metal
Milling asphalt
Milling can be described as a near field task of mechanical abrasion of large surfaces and is a contained process, as dumping can be described as transferring 10-100kg/minute with a drop height of more than 0.5m in the far field, without localized controls.
Minor (5 - 10 %)
Minute (0.01 - 0.1 %)
Modeling of product
Moderate application rate (0.3 - 3 l/minute)
Moisture Content
Mopping
More info
Movable capturing hood
Movement and agitation of powders, granules or pelletised material
Nailing
Name
Name & Duration
Near Field Primary Emission Source —
Near Field:
Next
Next to each activity name is a tick or cross, indicating whether the activity is ready for use.
No barriers or screens
No control measures in close proximity of the source.
No localised controls
No restriction on general ventilation characteristics
No suitable scenarios were found in the exposure library.
Non-exposure period (optional)
Normal handling, involves regular work procedures
Normal impaction (manual or light mechanical)
Note, if the room size or air change rate is between two categories, then the next lower category should be selected for a specific situation, e.g. a 200 m³ room with 0.7 ACH should have the multiplier for 100 m³ and 0.3 ACH selected.
Note:
Note: This does not include processes that are fully contained by localised controls (see next questions).
Notes
Notes/Comments/Justifications
On-tool extraction
One or more of your activites is not properly configured.
Only for situations where there are no or few boundaries nearby, i.e. the source is not located close to walls or in an enclosed courtyard. If this is not the case, the assessor should assume the work is essentially carried out indoors in an appropriately sized room.
Only good natural ventilation
Only horizontal or downward spraying
Open process
Open surface 0.1 - 0.3 m²
Open surface 0.3 - 1 m²
Open surface 1 - 3 m²
Open surface < 0.1 m²
Open surface > 3 m²
Other (this is outside the applicability domain of the current ART)
Other LEV systems
Other enclosing hoods
Other receiving hoods
Outdoors
Over wing refuelling of aircraft
PDF
Packaging
Paint spraying using HVLP or airless techniques
Painting a ceiling and walls with a roller and a brush
Partial screen
Partial screen fitted with glove ports
Paste, slurry or clearly (soaked) wet powder (not containing volatile liquid components)
Paving
Percentile
Pest control operations (using backpack)
Pest control operations using backpack
Picking / collecting objects
Piling
Plastering
Plastic (this is outside the applicability domain of the current ART)
Please answer either yes or no.
Please assess the dispersion for this emission source before continuing.
Please configure this activity situation before continuing.
Please select an activity class/subclass.
Please set the options for the results.
Polishing
Pouring
Pouring a liquid flooring material on a floor
Powder Weight Fraction
Powders dissolved in a liquid or incorporated in a liquid matrix (e.g. copper in anti-fouling paint)
Powders, granules or pelletised material
Press printing
Previous
Primary Emission Source —
Primary Localised Controls
Primary and Secondary
Primary emission sources only
Proceed to Bayesian Model
Proceed to Bayesian update
Process Temperature
Product
Product Type
Product was pushed together with a rate of >1000kg/minute. No localized controls were provided. The exposure source was farfield and the trucks or bobcats were not provided with a closed cabin.
Proj ref: 2002-GGI-R003
Proj ref: 2002-GGI-R024
Proj ref: Brouwer et. al. 2006
Proj ref: F1806
Proj ref: HSEref091
Proj ref: Meijster et. al. 2007
Proj ref: V6288
Proj ref: V7607/02/01
Proj ref: V99.267
Public
Pulverising
Punching
Pure liquid
Pure liquid (100%)
Pure material (100%)
Quick
Receiving Hoods
Receiving hoods
Reconfigure scenario
Refuelling of cars
Retrieve existing analogous data
Return to Activity Configuration
Return to mechanistic results
Revision
Room temperature (15 – 25 ºC)
Routine transfer
Run Bayesian Model
Run scenario
Running
Sanding
Save as New
Save scenario to database
Scattering
Scenario Overview — CAS No.
Scenario Overview — Chemical Name
Scenario Overview — Configure Activities
Scenario Overview — Name and Description
Scenarios deemed potentially compatible with your configured activities are listed on this page. View the description for each scenario and for each one that you consider suitably analogous, click the name to select it.
Scooping
Scooping drugs [coarse dust]
Scooping drugs with LEV [coarse dust]
Scooping of coal
Scooping of coarse dust
Scooping of course dust
Scooping of course dust [1-10 kg]
Scooping of extremely fine dust
Screen printing
Secondary far field sources can be co-workers, machines or evaporating baths, objects or surfaces.
Select Activity Class
Select from the ART exposure data library
Select the general type of localised controls present for this emission source.
Select the material of the solid object then click Next.
Select the type of the product at the beginning of the activity.
Select the viscosity of the powder/liquid mixture then click Next to continue.
Select ‘open process’ here if the localised control ‘full containment without extraction’ or ‘enclosing hoods’ will be selected in the subsequent question on localised controls.
Selected scenarios:
Shaking liquids (e.g. in chemical laboratories)
Show scenarios for:
Shredding of batteries
Similar organic solvents
Small (1 - 5 %)
Small scale weighing in ventilated weighing enclosures
Small workrooms only
Solid Material
Solid Weight Fraction
Solid objects
Sorting
Sparingly soluble liquids
Specialised room ventilation with more than 10 ACH
Sponging
Spray application of liquids
Spray application of paints on e.g. ships (using HVLP or airless techniques)
Spray application of powders
Spray room
Spray rooms and laminar down-flow booths (with the size of a room which contains both the source and the worker) are not considered to be a localised control and will be treated together with the dispersion questions at a later stage.
Spraying activities used to intentionally disperse powders on surfaces by using a pressure difference.
Spraying cleaning agents onto surfaces
Spraying in any direction (including upwards)
Spraying of liquids in a space
Spraying room deodorisers or fragrances
Spraying with high compressed air use
Spraying with no or low compressed air use
Spreading of Liquid Products
Spreading of liquid products
Spreading of liquids at surfaces or work pieces 0.1 - 0.3 m² / hour
Spreading of liquids at surfaces or work pieces 0.3 - 1 m² / hour
Spreading of liquids at surfaces or work pieces 1 - 3 m² / hour
Spreading of liquids at surfaces or work pieces < 0.1 m² / hour
Spreading of liquids at surfaces or work pieces > 3 m² / hour
Stacking
Stacking cement bags with dust contamination (leakage from bag valve)
Start workflow questionnaire for this activity
Stone
Substantial (10 - 50 %)
Suppression Techniques
Suppression techniques
Surface Contamination/Fugitive Emission Sources
Surface Spraying of Liquids
Surface contamination
Surface spraying of liquids
Tank dipping
Temperature out of range. Please enter a temperature in °C in the range shown.
Textile fabrics (this is outside the applicability domain of the current ART)
The ART exposure data library consists of measurements covering different exposure types, i.e. dust, mist, vapours. A measurement belongs to a data set, called a scenario, which has an associated contextual description. The description has sufficient detail to allow you to make an informed decision about the relevance of the associated measurements to your assessment.
The Bayesian results are based upon
The CAS No. field is for your information only. You can verify the CAS number by clicking the link to Chemspider.
The activities were performed in rooms of 1000-3000m3 with no ventilation.
The activities were performed in rooms of >3000 m3 with forced general or natural ventilation.
The activities were performed in rooms ship holds.
The activities were performed in ship holds.
The activity was performed in a room of 30 m3 without ventilation.
The activity was performed in a room of 30-100 m3 with mechanical ventilation. Demonstrable and effective housekeeping was in practice.
The activity was performed in a room of 300-1000 m3 without ventilation.
The activity was performed in a room of 300-3000 m3 with natural ventilation.
The activity was performed in a ship’s hold which is characterized as a room of 1000-3000 m3with natural ventilation.
The activity was performed outside.
The approach taken in the ART conceptual model was to divide the workspace into two compartments: the near-field centred on the worker (i.e. the volume of air within 1 meter in any direction of the worker’s head) and the far-field comprising the remainder of the indoor space. Total personal exposure is the sum of emission contributions from near-field and far-field sources.
The big bagging machine automatically filled big bags with granulate. The workers then transported the filled bags for further processing. The bagging process is situated in the far field of the operator (>1m). Between 100-1000 kg of granulate is bagged per minute. No localized controls were provided.
The big bagging machine automatically filled big bags with granulate. The workers then transported the filled bags for further processing.The bagging process is situated in the far field of the operator (>1m). Between 100-1000 kg of granulate is bagged per minute. No localized controls were provided.
The booths must completely enclose the work task and the worker.
The calibrated exposure score is
The categories are in rank order with activities generating highest emission levels at the top.
The chemical name field is for your information only.
The control measure should cover the whole activity.
The current scenario details are shown on the left.
The drop height is measured from the bottom of the dumping opening to the top of the receiving object or surface.
The dry powder was Fluticasone propionate and can be classified as coarse was processed. The exposure measurements reflect exposure levels to the active ingredient (analyte).
The dumping was performed in rooms of >3000 m3 and were installed with mechanical ventilation.
The exposure measurements reflect exposure levels to Pyridoxine hydrochloride.
The exposure measurements reflect exposure levels to inhalable dust.
The filter should have high dust holding capacity, and performance and volume air flow need to be checked regularly.
The fraction of the substance in the solid object should be estimated by expert judgement. For instance, if the quartz content in solid stone is 5%, then 0.05 should be entered here. For impregnated wood logs it will be more difficult to estimate the right proportion of substance in the log.
The model is currently:
The model is running. Please do not refresh the page, or use your browser's back button. Your results will be with you shortly.
The petroleum coke was dumped with a truck on a conveyer belt. The use rate was 100-1000kg per minute and a drop height of more than 0.5 m. And it was assumed that the truck was not provided with a cabin.
The product can be characterized as coarse dust and the exposure measurements reflect exposure levels to inhalable dust.
The product can be characterized as granules and the exposure measurements reflect exposure levels to inhalable dust.
The product is a dry fine dust. The exposure levels reflect exposure to inhalable dust.
The product used was Pyridoxine. Scooping the product was performed at a use rate of <10 g-1kg with careful handling and a drop height of less than 0.5m. Fixed LEV was provided.
The product used was Pyridoxine. Scooping the product was performed at a use rate of with careful handling and a drop height of less than 0.5m. No localized controls were provided.
The product used was pit coal. Scooping was performed at a use-rate of 10-100 kg per minute and a drop height of less than 0.5 m. No localized controls were provided.
The product was washed prior to the bagging process and can be characterized as clean granules. Exposure measurements reflect exposure levels to inhalable dust.
The room is clean with a volume of 100 m3 and a ventilation rate of 30 ACH.
The rooms were clean (the enclosure was cleaned with wet tissue) with a volume between 300-800 m3 and a ventilation rate of approximately 50 ACH.
The spray room has been designed by a competent ventilation engineer, the airflow performance is regularly checked and the ventilation system is maintained.
The spray room is a fully enclosed, unidirectional spray room of volume between 30 and 1000 m³ with at least 10 air changes per hour.
The spray room must meet the following conditions:
The spray room needs to run under negative pressure (i.e. so any air leakage is inward).
The substance can be a single chemical substance, but also broader categories like ‘wood dust’, ‘inhalable dust’ or complex mixtures such as petroleum products.
The substance is considered volatile and exposure to vapours is estimated.
The table below provide some guidance for choosing the activity coefficient.
The used products were alumina and palmflour. All products were fine dust. The exposure measurements reflect exposure to inhalable dust.
The used products were bauxite and soy pellets. All products were pellet-sized particles. The exposure measurements reflect exposure to inhalable dust.
The used products were sand and calcinated petroleum cokes. All products were coarse dust. The exposure measurements reflect exposure to inhalable dust.
The used products were various cement types. All products were fine powders. The exposure measurements reflect exposure to inhalable dust.
The workers in the spray room must be properly trained in correctly using the room (e.g. operation of the ventilation system, good positioning of the worker relative to the source and the ventilation, knowing the ventilation clearance time of the room).
The workers were scooping product of up to 50 gram aliquots. The use rate was 10-100 gram per minute.
There is no potential for exposure through inhalation from this source.
This activity class includes the spraying of liquids onto surfaces or objects (e.g. paint spraying).
This activity involved the transfer (near field exposure) of 10-100 kg/minute of product at a dropping height of >0.5 m. Local exhaust ventilation (fixed capturing hoods) were provided.
This activity involved the transfer (near field exposure) of 10-100 kg/minute of product at a dropping height of >0.5 m. No localized controls were provided.
This category also includes liquids incorporated in granular or pelletised material (e.g. preservative in wood chips).
This category also includes liquids incorporated or on the surface of this material (e.g. preservative in timber).
This represents the air concentration in the worker's personal breathing zone outside of any respiratory protection. Currently the effect of respiratory protection equipment is outside the scope of ART.
This scenario describes dumping of petroleum coke with a truck. Operators were sampled for 180-370 minutes and were dumping for the entire sampling period.
This scenario describes scooping of coal with scoops and brooms. Operators were sampled for 104-242 minutes and were scooping for the entire sampling period.
This scenario describes the bagging of cement using a bagging machine with multiple filling mouths. Operators were sampled for 60-240 minutes and operated the bagging machine for 40%-97% of the sampling time.
This scenario describes the dumping of powders. Workers were sampled for 12-61 minutes and were occupied during the entire sampling time.
This scenario describes the dumping of powders. Workers were sampled for 20-222 minutes and were occupied during the entire sample time.
This scenario describes the dumping of stones for ballast in the railway industry. Operators were sampled for 60-120 minutes and were involved in dumping for 100% of the sampling time.
This scenario describes the loading of bottle bags in a double-chamber glovebox (scored as medium specification) in the pharmaceutical industry. Operators were sampled for approximately 10 minutes.
This scenario describes the milling of asphalt and dumping the milled asphalt. Operators were sampled for 100-300 minutes and milled and dumped (at the same time) for 35-65% of the sampling time.
This scenario describes the scooping of a powder (extremely fine dust) in a testing environment. Operators were sampled for 12-30 minutes (per product) and performed the scooping of product during the entire sampling period.
This scenario describes the scooping of drugs (solid powder, coarse dust) in Pharmacies. Operators were sampled for 4-9 minutes who were involved in scooping for the entire sampling period.
This scenario describes the scooping of drugs (solid powder, coarse dust) in Pharmacies. Operators were sampled for 5-20 minutes who were involved in scooping for the entire sampling period.
This scenario describes the scooping of two types of powders (coarse dust (like sand)) in a testing environment. Operators were sampled for 12-30 minutes (per product) and performed the scooping of product during the entire sampling period.
This scenario describes the unloading of a ship hold in the transshipment industry. Product was pushed together using a bobcat or truck. The product is transferred out of the hold using a crane. Operators were sampled for 35-300 minutes and dumped for 65%-75% of the sampling time.
This scenario describes the unloading of a ship hold in the transshipment industry. Product was pushed together using a bobcat or truck. The product is transferred out of the hold using a crane. Operators were sampled for 40-320 minutes and dumped for 40%-80% of the sampling time.
This scenario describes the unloading of a ship hold in the transshipment industry. Product was pushed together using a bobcat or truck. The product is transferred out of the hold using a crane. Operators were sampled for 60-80 minutes and dumped for 50%-100% of the sampling time.
This scenario describes the weighing of small amounts of product in ventilated weighing enclosures (Mach Aire weigh station) in the pharmaceutical industry. Operators were sampled between 15-40 minutes and were involved in weighing activities for 95% of the time.
This scenario describes the work of bakery workers in traditional bakeries. The bakery workers were involved in different tasks including mixing dough, processing dough, sprinkling flour, oven work and pastry work. They were sampled during a full shift (8 hours). Overall the bakers are involved in two major tasks; (1) making dough (90%) and (2) handling of contaminated objects during processing of dough and pastry work.
This scenario describes the work of operators at a package department in the food industry. The operators were measured between 13-154 minutes. The operators were involved in the scooping of product during the whole measurement period.
This scenario describes the work of operators at a package department in the food industry. The operators were sampled between 30-157 minutes. The operators were involved in the scooping of product during the whole measurement period.
This scenario describes the work of operators in the plastic recycling industry. The operators were measured 15 minutes. Operators were involved in dumping activities using forklifts.
This scenario describes the work of operators in the plastic recycling industry. The operators were measured between 123-202 minutes. The operators were involved in the filling big bags with granulate from the plastic shredder machine.
This scenario describes the work of operators in the plastic recycling industry. The operators were measured between 62-193 minutes. Operators were involved in dumping activities using forklifts. After the dumping activity the big bags were cleaned with compressed air. This took approximately 10 minutes in total.
This scenario describes the work of operators in the plastic recycling industry. The operators were measured between 65-220 minutes. Operators were involved in the filling of big bags with granulate from the plastic shredder machine. A second task, cleaning the big bags using compressed air, was also performed and took approximately 10 minutes in total.
This scenario describes the work of operators in the plastic recycling industry. The operators were measured between 65-220 minutes. The operators were involved in the filling big bags with granulate from the plastic shredder machine.
To continue with the Bayesian update, please
To which activity class does your activity belong?
Top loading of tanker at bulk terminal (boats, rail car or truck)
Total duration =
Tractor mounted spraying
Transfer of additives in tanker using bottom loading
Transfer of liquid product with flow of:
Transfer of liquid products
Transfer of powders, granules or pelletised material
Transferring 0.1 – 1 kg/minute
Transferring 1 – 10 kg/minute
Transferring 10 – 100 gram/minute
Transferring 10 – 100 kg/minute
Transferring 100 – 1000 kg/minute
Transferring less than 10 gram/minute
Transferring more than 1000 kg/minute
Type of exposure
Under wing refuelling of aircraft
Unload
Unload scenario (NB: any changes since last save will be lost)
Unloading ship hold with coarse dust using bobcat or truck
Unloading ship hold with fine product using bobcat or truck
Unloading ship hold with granules using bobcat or truck
Upload Data
Upload my analogous data
Upload own analogous data
Use of metal working fluids with e.g. circular saws and drills
Use the left-hand panel to select the activity class that best fits this emission source.
Use the left-hand panel to select the situation that best fits this activity.
Using a circular saw
Vacuum transfer of powders, granules or pelletised material
Vapour Pressure
Vapour recovery systems
Very low application rate (< 0.03 l/minute)
Very small (0.5 - 1 %)
Viscosity of Powder/Liquid Mixture
Warning!
Warning:
Weight Fraction of Powder Contamination
Weight Fraction of Powdered Substance
Wetting at point of release
What is the drop height?
What is the level of containment of the process?
What is the material of the solid object?
What is the measured dustiness of the material (mg/kg for inhalable fraction)?
What is the measured dustiness of the powder contamination on the paste or slurry (mg/kg for inhalable fraction)?
What is the moisture content of the product?
What is the moisture content of the solid object?
What is the mole fraction of the substance in the liquid mixture? If the mole fraction is unknown, assume that this is the same as the weight fraction.
What is the product type of the substance/preparation?
What is the room size of the work area?
What is the spray direction?
What is the spray technique?
What is the temperature of the liquid in the process?
What is the type of handling?
What is the ventilation rate of the general ventilation system in the work area?
What is the viscosity of the powder/liquid mixture?
What is the weight fraction of the powdered substance in the liquid mixture?
What is the weight fraction of the substance in the powdered contamination on the paste or slurry?
What is the weight fraction of the substance in the powdered, granular or pelletised material?
What is the weight fraction of the substance in the solid object?
Which of the situations below does best represent your activity?
Wire drawing
Wood
Workers scooped 0.5-5 kg product into a plastic bag. Scooping of product was performed at a use rate of 0.1-1kg/minute and at a dropping height of <0.5m. No localized controls were provided.
Workers scooped 5-15 kg product into a plastic bag. Scooping of product was performed at a use rate of 1-10kg/minute and at a dropping height of <0.5m. No localized controls were provided.
Workers used forklifts to dump big bags with a granulate product into the top of a machine. The source of emission was located in the far field of the worker (>1m). Between 100-1000 kg of granulate was dumped per minute. No localized controls were provided.
Workers were involved in the automated filling of two bottle-bags with 25 kg product (70% of the time).The use rate was 1-10 kg per minute. Some cleaning activities were also performed inside the glovebox.
Wrapping
Wrecking
XLUNIFAC
Yes
You may select multiple scenarios. Once you have made your selection, click
You retrieved
You uploaded
Your scenario can consist of up to four activities. Assign each activity a name and duration in minutes. The activities together represent one working day and therefore the total duration should be around 480 minutes. ART assessments are still possible if the duration deviates from 480 minutes, but estimates should be treated with some caution as ART variability estimates are based on shift measurements.
Your selected measurements will be adjusted so that their concentration of active substance matches that of your scenario.
ZZ-BAYES-2
ZZ-BAYES-TEST
ZZ-BRANCH
ZZ-DELETE-ME-i18n
ZZ-PASTE
ZZ-PIL
ZZ-RESULTS-TEST
analogous measurements from
analogous measurements.
browsing the exposure data library
dataset.
dust handling
dust transfer
expand
help
min
records retrieved from the exposure database. You may wish to
retrieve new records
temp activity
the scenarios in your current selection, taken together, represent more than one substance form (mist, vapour, or other).
to continue configuring your scenario until each activity has a tick next to it. You will then be able to click the Finish button and run the mechanistic model.
to continue.
upload a new dataset
upload your own data
uploaded records and
— Choose —
국소배기장치(LEV)
귀하의 활동은 어느 활동 등급(Activity Class)에 속합니까?
낙하 억제(knockdown)
낮은 도포율 (0.03 - 0.3 l/minute)
높은 도포율 (> 3 l/minute)
매우 낮은 도포율 (< 0.03 l/minute)
선박 등에 대한 도료 분무 도장 (HVLP 또는 무기압 기법 사용)
중간 도포율 (0.3 - 3 l/minute)
탱크 검척(dipping)
